hey everyone what I'm going to show you
in this video is how I made a small
handcrafted art book having a tangible
collection of my art is probably
something I've wanted for a long time so
instead of using some printing servers I
wanted to do it all myself for that I
wanted to learn about book binding and
how the whole process works and I landed
thanks to a website called Skillshare
this whole idea kind of came about when
they contacted me to try out their
website and actually this video is
sponsored by Skillshare if you've never
heard of Skillshare it is basically like
an online school you can attend
different classes on all kind of topics
we're selected teachers give you tips
and advice it's almost like a youtube
specialized on high quality tutorials
often by prominent people from their
respective industry where you can
interact with the creators inside those
lessons ask questions and show you
progress in general exchange your
thoughts so I've been watching a lot of
lessons on Skillshare on all kinds of
topics lately and I really want to show
you something I - god of them as I said
I always wanted to be able to create my
own books or even to understand what
process there is behind binding a book I
think that's a skill that is very
flexible and they can use it for all
purposes like doing journals or smaller
notebooks as a gift for friends or
family or even to collect your art and
create an Apple there are a lot of
directions you can go with it I think it
also comes in any when you want to
include your personal favorite paper or
watercolor paper when making your own
sketchbook in my case I decided to
create an art book because I really have
sucked up a lot of drawings and I was
curious how they would look in a book
I have been taking a lot of classes on
Skillshare over the last weeks not just
to watch tutorials on what I already
know but especially avoid my horizons
since I'm a self-taught artist I was
really interested in how they teach and
excited to see how other people approach
their work it was really amazed by the
variety of topics there of course I
couldn't resist and started watching
videos regarding watercolor techniques
and they still found things that I could
learn even though I have been using
watercolors for almost 10 years now in
those videos I was taught basics I had
no clue of like how to tape down your
watercolor paper or that you could use
plastic wrap on your wet paint to create
interesting effects like classes about
hand lettering screen printing
photography and how people make a living
as an artist so yeah there's a lot of
classes that I'm interested in and in a
way I think that might be the best thing
about Skillshare at least for me it
feels like most of the classes are
dealing with creative topics there even
classes about singing in music in
general so about the art book and making
right now before you ask it's not going
to be for sale there's a lot of old art
inside as well as some I did very
recently and I just put them together
disorganized this was rather something
where I wanted to use my bookbinding
abilities then my layout qualities plus
it's more like a trial copy that's why
there's no layout or concept behind it
if you guys are interested I might do a
giveaway with it and some other stuff in
a special video in the future so leave a
comment to let me know you would be
interested in that
after all if I'm ever going to make an
official hug book I will put my effort
and thought about the content in it and
it will be professionally printed but
until then I'll probably be taking some
classes about layout in school chair
anyway I really enjoyed taking these
classes I got inspired by them and I did
some variations regarding the book
binding I also learned a method where
the single pages are glued together to
form the book that would be something
where you could use a soft cover to
finish it but I also tried different
stitching techniques like the Japanese
stitching and I made a little notebook
and an accordion fall zine I learned a
lot after all and if you're interested
in joining skill show yourself you can
use the coupon code in the video
description to get three months for just
99 cents thank you for watching and
until next time